gh-133390: Document `SQLITE_KEYWORDS` (#135659)
python/cpython: Doc/library/sqlite3.rst

   Version number of the runtime SQLite library as a :class:`tuple` of
   :class:`integers <int>`.

.. data:: SQLITE_KEYWORDS

   A :class:`tuple` containing all sqlite3 keywords.

>    The availability of this constant varies depending on the version of SQLite
>    Python was compiled with.

Reviewer: This could be more specific:
```suggestion
   This constant is only available is Python was compiled with SQLite
   3.24.0 or greater.
```

Author: Good point, little grammar thing so:

```suggestion
   This constant is only available if Python was compiled with SQLite
   3.24.0 or greater.
```
